Update use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md (#6301)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/use-drive-shipping-to-import-pst-files-to-office-365.md

[Step 6: Filter data and start the PST Import job](#step-6-filter-data-and-start-the-pst-import-job)
  
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > You have to perform Step 1 once to down load the import tool. After you perform these steps, follow Step 2 through Step 6 each time you want to ship a hard drive to Microsoft. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You have to perform Step 1 once to download the import tool. After you have performed these steps, follow Step 2 through Step 6 each time you want to ship a hard drive to Microsoft. 
```
